feat: adding support for request validation (#304)
snok/drf-openapi-tester: README.md

schema_tester = SchemaTester(schema_file_path="./schemas/publishedSpecs.yaml")
```

> Once you've instantiated a tester, you can use it to test responses and requests (on successful responses):

Reviewer: Don't think it's necessary to explain this detail here :+1: 
```suggestion
Once you've instantiated a tester, you can use it to test responses and request bodies
```

Author: Done 👍

To force all developers working on the project to use `OpenAPIClient` simply
override the `client` fixture (when using `pytest` with `pytest-django`):

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done 👍
